Neighborhood_Map_Project/README.md, before:

# Udacity Neighborhood Map: Project 5
### By: Ivan M

Follow this link to view to project: https://vanasnip.github.io/Neighborhood_Map_Project/

##Description:

This project sets out to highlight 5 key location for experiencing classical art, contemporary art and history in central London.
Google maps along with images from flickr have been used to illustrate in a way that I hope is not only interesting but enticing as well.

## How to use:

### 1. On Mobile:

1. The first thing you will notice is a generous map with markers overlaid.
2. Selecting any one of these markers will reveal an info window about that location.
3. The navigation bar at the top hosts a title "London & le Galleria", as well as a large soft blue button in the top left corner.
5. Pushing this button will reveal a search input and by default all the link to the same location you see as markers on the map.
6. Pushing any one of the listed location links will close the drop down and open an info window on the map of the location you selected, not unlike clicking on the marker itself.
7. The search input will allow you as you type filter the available links for specificity, if no match is found no links will be present
8. Selecting a marker by the marker itself or the links provided will reveal a green button to allow you to reset the markers as you first encountered them.

### 2. on Tablet and Desktop:

1. Experiencing the app in this form factor is not unlike the mobile experience however the menu and search input are all visible so I encourage you look over the mobile section for further instruction if you have not done so already.
2. Please note that this application has been designed to accommodate and respond to the device it has been launched on.

## Sources:

1. [Knockoutjs](http://knockoutjs.com/ "Knockoutjs")
2. [Stackoverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/ "Stackoverflow")
3. [Flickr Api Documentation](https:/www.flickr.com/services/api/ "Flickr Api Documentation")

Commit message:

Add files via upload
Changes made after first submit

Neighborhood_Map_Project/README.md, after:

# Udacity Neighborhood Map: Project 5
### By: Ivan M

##Quick view

Follow this link to view to project: https://vanasnip.github.io/Neighborhood_Map_Project/


##Opening the application locally

1. Download from: https://github.com/vanasnip/Neighborhood_Map_Project
2. Proceed to unzip the files to a location of you choosing.
3. Navigate into the folder 'Neighborhood_Map_Project'.
4. Select and open the file index.html in a modern browser(I recommend Google Chrome).
5. The app should be running and in your browser should be a large map visible.


##Description:

This project sets out to highlight 5 key location for experiencing classical art, contemporary art and history in central London.
Google maps along with images from flickr have been used to illustrate in a way that I hope is not only interesting but enticing as well.

## How to use:

### 1. On Mobile:

1. The first thing you will notice is a generous map with markers overlaid.
2. Selecting any one of these markers will reveal an info window about that location.
3. The navigation bar at the top hosts a title "London & le Galleria", as well as a large soft blue button in the top left corner.
5. Pushing this button will reveal a search input and by default all the link to the same location you see as markers on the map.
6. Pushing any one of the listed location links will close the drop down and open an info window on the map of the location you selected, not unlike clicking on the marker itself.
7. The search input will allow you as you type filter the available links for specificity, if no match is found no links will be present
8. Selecting a marker by the marker itself or the links provided will reveal a green button to allow you to reset the markers as you first encountered them.

### 2. on Tablet and Desktop:

1. Experiencing the app in this form factor is not unlike the mobile experience however the menu and search input are all visible so I encourage you look over the mobile section for further instruction if you have not done so already.
2. Please note that this application has been designed to accommodate and respond to the device it has been launched on.

## Sources:

1. [Knockoutjs](http://knockoutjs.com/ "Knockoutjs")
2. [Stackoverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/ "Stackoverflow")
3. [Flickr Api Documentation](https:/www.flickr.com/services/api/ "Flickr Api Documentation")
